---
    title: "🧫 Why We can't have Nice Things"
---
In most technological advancements, I sense a turning point where everything that was once good, raw, and unknown becomes understood, quantified, and commodified. When a new online game is introduced, we experience a phase of pure chaos. People are set loose within a certain framework to explore freely until we fully comprehend it, and the desire to win becomes more enticing than exploring the virtual space. With the internet, we observe a very similar pattern, but the social consequences have been more profound due to the rapid evolution of personal computers. A viral phenomenon like accessible AI could potentially spread like wildfire if we cannot control it.

During our journey, we created scenarios for a world where AI becomes readily accessible to everyone. Our discussions gravitated towards topics such as sex work and the impact of nonconsensual sexual content, where current sexual offenders might obtain a tool that blurs a multitude of ethical boundaries. As we developed tools to safeguard sex workers online, such as private video sharing platforms, we noticed a societal shift. With this in mind, AI tools could potentially exploit these platforms to feed their models and erode the safety measures we once believed were promising.

The drive to profit by exerting power is a glaring aspect of technological growth. Unveiling the power struggles, holding individuals accountable, and raising awareness about the perils of our technological future seem imperative to me.